Ready for this
shit storm that's coming?
Previously on House of Lies:
This aggression of yours
will no longer
be tolerated.
Is that straight
enough for you?
- I'm leaving the company.
- Soak it all in,
'cause by this time tomorrow,
we don't work here anymore.
To Kaan and Associates.
Kaan and Associates.
That's it.
You got to think about
the little ones.
Doug.
Clyde.
Oh, my God, those are
the exact names I picked out!
Hey, hey, Jeannie, can I talk to
you for a second?
No.
Shut the fuck up, Doug.
'Cause the people you work with
don't respect you. The fact that
you don't see it kind of makes you
seem like a putz.
Why would you hit
on my girlfriend?
I feel truly sorry for you.
Is this what you're like when
you start getting laid, man?
Let's get married
in Vegas tomorrow.
I have decided to stay
at Galweather.
I thought my thing with Marty
was just on a whole nother
level, man, I thought
as friends, but he doesn't give
a fuck about me.
Why should I?
Because I'm about to make
you mountains of cash.
Who's your spy, Mike?!
Who's your fucking spy?!
I fucking told 'em.
What?
So why don't you get
the fuck off my client?!
I love you.
Jesus, Jeannie.
Jesus, Jeannie...
Hey, Jeannie, I can't do this
without you, okay?
I can't do any of it
without you.
So stop being a baby.
You're a fucking idiot.
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.
Hey, man.
Ow.
All right, thanks so much.
Mmm. Mm!
Marty.
Marty Kaan!
Marty, I need five minutes.
Oh, I need 'em more.
Ah!
Hi.
Hey.
Jeannie?
How'd you get in here?
I have powerful connections.
No, I'm serious.
What are you doing here?
I thought you wanted me here.
Of course I want you here,
but you haven't answered
any of my phone calls or...
Are you coming back or what?
I'm already here. Now.
Right in front of you.
So what are you
gonna do about it?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Fuck!
Jeannie, what's going on?
This is exactly where
we're supposed to be.
Just stay here.
Stay with me.
Jeannie?
Are you all right?
There's some turbulence.
Who's Jeannie?
Uh, yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine.
Robert.
Robert! Okay, about to be fired.
Pod, keep up!
Trying.
Robert, buddy?
Marty, do I have two minutes
to buy some duck?
Robert?
Where the fuck is Caitlin, Will?
Caitlin, let's go!
Oh! Oh, goddamn it!
Uh! I broke a heel.
Heels? That's a fucking
great choice.
Well, I thought we were going to a
boardroom, not a fucking bazaar.
Girls...
That's a dead octopus.
Knock that off
the fucking list.
Oh, hey, hey, hey,
it's not just seaweed.
Heirloom seaweed.
Heirloom seaweed?
Why is it, why is it heirloom?
Oh, the nuance,
the subtleties.
And as soon as you mention
"heirloom,"
you justify a 40% markup.
Say word.
What?
That is a great reason
to go with heirloom.
Well, you are never gonna
find heirloom seaweed
at that white-trash
Colossal Foods, I'll tell you that.
You're goddamn right.
And it's things like that
that set Free Range apart.
That's right.
Fuck the Wonder-Bread-
and-food-stamps
crowd, am I right?
Right!
Hijiki... that is the
wave of the future.
The Asians love
a sea vegetable.
What China eats today,
we'd better fucking
learn to love tomorrow.
Say that shit two times.
Hey, you got to try this.
It is a revelation.
No, no!
Huh? Come on.
Huh?
Mm!
Oh, motherfucker!
Shit tastes like the ass
of a sick fish.
Now is the winter
of our discontent
made glorious summer
by an uptick in housing starts.
Everything is beautiful, baby!
The economy is in recovery!
Jobs just falling out the sky.
Nobody wants for anything!
Another round of drinks
and a shiny new Tesla
for all my friends, right?
Wrong.
Here's what Daddy got
to deal with.
Robert Tretorn,
Free Range Foods,
coming up fast
on the food megagiants.
Saw the whole organic food thing
jumping off in the '70s,
decided to assimilate it
into the mainstream,
make it all go down easy
as a decaf organic
two-pump chocolate laxative.
Started with one little shop
in Boulder,
grew the fucker to 1,200 stores.
So I travel 6,000 fucking miles
just to pitch it!
But I guess this is what owning
your own joint looks like,
right?
You end up chasing
every nutbucket across the earth
hoping he might... just might...
hire your sorry ass.
If we land this whale,
we feast on the blubber
until we land the next one;
feast on that blubber,
sell the ivory till we land
the next one and the next one,
and so on, and so
ad in-fucking-nitum
until we get some fat;
acquire some
blubber of our own.
But until that day,
you do what you gotta do, baby.
You eat sick fish ass.
Mmm-mmm!
That is amazing!
Right, huh?
I told you.
And I'm gonna own that market!
Oh, yes, you are.
And you're gonna teach
the world to love it.
That's right.
That is exactly
what I'm gonna do.
Yeah. I mean, if...
If-if what?
What?
Well,
look, you want to crush that
behemoth Colossal Foods, right?
I mean, unless you're happy
in your little faux,
dead-end hippie niche market.
No judgment.
Well, what are you saying, huh?
You saying that, uh, Free Range
is plateauing?
Hey, I do show your last three
quarterlies dangerously flat.
Well, that's 'cause
the economy...
Flat is death in this economy.
Flat is death in
this economy, Robert.
Bobby...
Fuck it! Look, do you want to
be fucking 'roid rage huge?
I have a 20-year
expansion rollout plan
that I'm very happy with.
Robert, 20 years?
Are you fucking kidding me?
The polar ice caps
will have melted in 20 years.
We'll all be dead
in fucking 20 years.
We'll be drowning in
our last million barrels of crude oil.
These assholes
aren't gonna live through the week.
What are you
willing to do today?
Not in 20 years, man.
How are you gonna
carpe de fucking diem today?
Today!
To-fucking-day!
Today.
All right! Huh?
How about it, huh?
Bing! Bong!
Seaweed! Oh!
Oh! Oh, my God! I thought
I'd completely lost you.
Oh, that's not bad.
Anyone get, uh, tickets
to Days of Hope?
"Anyone, duh, get tickets
to Days of Hope?"
What do you think?
Of course not. It's
been sold out forever.
I know everybody talks about it
all the time,
and I know everybody really wants to
go, but what is the actual charity?
What exactly are
they raising money for?
I have no idea.
I don't know.
Who cares?
Not me.
Word on the street is that the
CEO of Coke is firing DeMark,
and everyone wants to go suck up
and get the gig.
"Word on the street"?
Which one, Sesame Street?
Sesame Street...
Mmm, I normally hate those
fucking things, but I did scam
the one Galweather ticket.
Really?
Uh... hey, could I be
your plus-one?
I don't get a plus-one.
Oh...
But let me be clear:
if I did get a plus-one,
it would not be you.
You're funny.
She's funny.
Hey,
do you think Marty's
gonna be there?
It's very possible, Doug.
Okay, okay.
Well, not saying anything...
It just seems a bit cynical,
that's all.
Vying to get invited
to a charity event
without knowing or caring
who the money is going to...
Well, hey, Benita, what
would you say if I told you
I might be able
to get you a ticket?
Oh, really?
No.
You see, that's my point.
If you had a ticket, you'd
show up at a Hitler charity.
That's mean, Doug.
Well...
And you know I'm anti-Hitler.
I can't stand it.
I just
can't stand it.
What is it now, Doug?
What do you think?
I have... honestly, I...
That.
Her.
Jack Skellington.
Benita.
She is driving me crazy.
She's hideous.
What do you want
me to say, Doug?
I mean, she's a great analyst.
I'm... sorry that she doesn't
fit your arousal template.
You know, I used to look over
and-and be...
I don't know, inspired by your
generic Midwestern hotness.
It's true, but now...
Oh, God, now I look over
at your old desk
and I see that...
that Sasquatch.
And...
I feel sick, physically sick.
I can't work, my regression
models are going to hell.
Judge not lest ye be judged, Doug.
Christ.
Seriously, JC?
If you quote one more piece
of Bible porn at me,
I...
Doug, drop it.
JC, stop staring at my ass.
I wasn't.
I'm not.
Yeah, yeah, right, okay.
Or did you forget,
Jeannie, that, uh, JC doesn't like girls.
What? I like girls.
Oh, yeah, you just don't
like to have sex with them.
By choice.
My girlfriend and I are
waiting until marriage.
We... made a chastity vow.
How convenient.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
You-you don't have any...
genital contact
whatsoever?
Not even when you're alone?
- You don't, you know...
- Whoops.
Well, you have to answer now.
She's your boss.
And remember...
He's listening.
Sometimes. I...
Your call is starting.
Thank God.
I mean...
"your call is starting"?
I'm sorry, Jeannie,
I am, I'm sorry,
I just miss the old
gang, that's all.
Doug, please.
I can't help it.
I mean, do you ever think
Marty talks about me
to his new pod?
Nope.
"Nope."
See, that's what I'm talking about.
That back and forth,
the good old days.
Do you remember how fun it was?
Clyde and me goofing around.
Marty always telling
me to, you know, "Shut the fuck up."
Shut the fuck up, Doug.
Exactly.
And you and Marty?
God, remember that?
How confused and tortured
and out of control
that whole thing was?
Probably not so fun
for you, but, uh...
Yeah, for me...
Yeah, we're both busy, so...
Hey.
Seems like a long way to go
for a mid-sized
grocery chain.
Maybe that's what working
for a startup is:
running halfway
across the world
for a new account.
I really can't tell
if our company's a huge success
or about to go under.
I thought working for Marty Kaan
would be way more glamorous.
Hmm?
Because I really,
really, really need
to find someone
who's willing to date me.
Okay, well, for a start,
that kind of desperation's
a huge turn-on.
Have your sport.
But Marty and his pod
have always been
legend when it comes
to ladykilling.
Somehow, when you say that,
it actually sounds like
you are killing ladies.
Yep. Well...
I guess, when I came
over from Kinsley,
I thought he'd have
some bigger moves, too.
I mean, Monica talks about him
like he's fuckin' Voldemort.
I can hear every
fucking word you're saying.
Oh. Hey, Dad.
Hey, buddy.
Can you make me a macchiato?
Can I make you a what?
A macchiato.
Oh.
Yeah.
Boop!
You are a macchiato.
Ha-ha.
But for real, I need energy.
I have basketball
tryouts today.
You're trying out for
the basketball team?
Splash.
Mmm...
Not bad.
Let's see how you do
with a little defense on you.
Uh... you want...
you want it?
Come on.
Roscoe Kaan, three seconds left.
Three... two...
fouled and won!
Okay, now,
do you guys ever play
with a real basketball?
When you, you know, do this?
You know, maybe we should
get a real basketball,
and I'll show you
my suh-erious skills.
And I'll take you
down, old man.
Oh, you didn't
just say "old man."
Old man.
I think what you meant is "master..."
Oh.
...and you want a clinic.
The clinic?
That's what I'm hearing.
Let's go.
Okay, posting up his dad.
Let's see it.
Uh! Fake!
Dunked on you!
Uh-uh! Swatted.
What?!
Whoops. It's in
the second row, son.
Who do you think you are? What
the hell is going on out here?
Young Roscoe is trying out
for the basketball team today.
Basketball basketball?
Well, all right!
All right.
I'm in the game.
All right. I got you.
Yeah!
So how was China?
Uh, you know, brief, Chinese...
Hey, Dad, did you see
the Peking Opera?
That makeup is fly.
Nah, I was just there 24 hours,
I didn't really have time to...
Oh?
Take in a show or anything.
24 hours for a job
you don't even have yet.
You got to be careful
what you ask for, huh? Yeah.
Big man's off the bench.
I'm not complaining.
I know you miss your old pod.
Nope. The new pod
is just fine.
Come on. Here we go.
Pass it here! Got it.
I got a mean skyhook!
Skyhook?
Ooh, yeah!
He has a sky...
Dad, Dad, what is this, 1974?
We don't have big huge Afros
and play with red,
white and blue balls.
In short shorts.
Oh...
Oh... what?
Lookit here,
double-teaming the old man.
Short shorts...
Give it here.
Here, here, here, here we go.
Gotcha, gotcha,
gotcha, let's go.
I know it's gotta be weird
traveling without Jeannie
at your side, huh?
Or Clyde?
Or Doug? Here.
You know, Dad,
I would want Jeannie
definitely by my side.
Well, Jeannie's not by my side,
and she's not going
to be by my side.
Okay?
It's fine. I miss her, too.
I didn't say that I missed...
Here.
Boink!
Here we go.
This is stupid.
Come on.
I got you, Dad.
Excuse me.
Come on, Dad.
That's all right.
Ah, cookies!
Whoa!
Oh, stole the ball!
Got it, got it...
Three...
two...
one...
So...
I was thinking,
we have had this Montana account
for... two weeks,
and if I'm not mistaken,
not one of you mouth-breathers have
volunteered to quarterback it yet.
Pussy much?
You know what?
I was born to QB.
Put me in, Coach.
I thought you were a kicker.
Hope you're getting
that these are sports metaphors.
We're not talking about
actual football, dude.
Oh, okay, good.
Because I'm pretty sure
you'd get crushed.
Huge football fan.
Really?
Me, too.
Please shut up.
I was just...
Christy, stop hanging out
outside the boys' club.
Do you remember
what we talked about?
Ah, I'm so sorry, Monica.
Pussy power.
Yeah!
I'm sorry, did you just say "pussy power"?
What is that?
Yeah.
I think she just said
"pussy power."
Ugh.
Kicker, get it done.
It's so confusing.
It's like sometimes
she's my mentor,
and other times I feel like
she's torturing me.
That is the result
of a steady diet
of Dalmatian puppies.
Thanks, Clyde.
Listen, I'm just a guy
trying to let a girl know
that it's gonna be okay.
Okay. Well...
I got to get something working,
but thank you.
Truly.
- It's just the person...
- Christy!
I try to be.
Yeah! Coming!
Does that shit really
work for you, man?
What do you think?
I want to say...
no.
All right, here's
your marching orders.
Caitlin, I want this deal
with Free Range to make,
so I need you to push on legal.
Got it.
Jeffrey, listen.
Start, you know, roughing
in that journeyline, okay?
Make it look like
we're saving them from bankruptcy.
We will save them, sir.
Young William.
Now, when you were at Kinsley,
how did Monica service
the Colossal Foods account?
I don't really know.
I mean, she was always
pretty secretive about her accounts.
Yeah,
but you must've seen
her do that old trick
of recycling PowerPoints
and just, you know,
changing the names.
I... um...
I feel like if I tell you,
she'll hunt me down
and kill me.
Okay.
I don't want... that.
Or I could just
kill you right now.
You could... here...
Or that. You-you could...
So...
did she do that
with Colossal Foods?
Uh... she might've.
Will...
Yes. She did.
Anybody ever find out?
Never.
Ooh...
This is awesome.
Nice digs, right?
It's-it's really nice.
Get out.
Okay.
Monica.
Don't move.
I'm gonna freeze this moment.
This feels right.
Okay, this here is perfect.
So good to see you, buddy.
I missed this. I really did.
Good to see you, yeah, man.
Clyde, so good to see you.
Yeah.
God, I missed you. I did.
Do you know what I miss, though?
The cheap espresso over here.
Come on, don't do that.
It is so expensive where I am.
Clyde, you can say it, you
can say you miss me, too.
It's all right.
Men can say that.
Men in suspenders can do that.
Men, period.
All right? Men are also loving
and feeling human beings.
All right?
The ladies do not have
that market cornered.
Speaking of women...
Jeannie, Jeannie!
Be-doop-ba-dee!
Look who stopped by.
Hi, Clyde.
Jeannie...
Van Der Hooven!
Stop it.
I will.
This is great.
This is so great...
the three of us,
the old gang back together.
I mean, everyone
except for, uh,
He Who Shall Not Be Named.
Doug.
It's good to see you, Clyde.
Yeah.
So, how is it over here?
It's great!
You guys getting business?
Yeah, tons.
You're getting work?
Tons, tons, tons, too much.
I'm fucking slaying it
at Kinsley.
Oh, yeah?
It's insane.
It's good to finally be
at the number one firm.
'Cause when you walk in
the building, you're like,
Yeah, that must carry you.
"Oh, this is what number one feels like."
Yeah, don't have to work
as hard? I get that.
No, but that's it, though,
I don't even feel
like I'm getting
challenged that much.
Yeah, it sounds terrible.
No, if there were some
intriguing possibilities
elsewhere
at any place, honestly even...
I know it sounds stupid,
but even here.
Here? Oh, God, don't bother.
This place sucks without Marty.
And you... you, you and Marty.
Is that...?
Yeah, that's what I was...
She was at the...
Uh, you're, uh, you're kind of
in my, uh, my desk, bro.
Bro?
It was kind of his desk
before it was your desk.
Right, but, see, now it's, uh,
now it's my desk.
So, is this Clyde,
whom we've heard so much about?
That's whom I am.
Nice to meet you, Clyde.
Nice to meet you, too.
And you've got to be Benita, whom
Doug talks about constantly.
So sweet.
No, not really.
Can I get my desk back?
I don't even care, maybe
you guys can help me
understand better how this
big a fuck-up happened!
I don't, I don't know
because I'm-I'm back there
doing what I'm
supposed to be doing!
What the fuck are
you guys doing?!
Don't just stare back
at me like roadkill.
Let's get in the solution.
Right? Now!
Hi!
I'm so glad you were able
to make it back to work.
You look rested.
Thank you so much.
So, let me catch you up to
speed since you've been gone
for the past three hours?
I was gone for, like, two...
Seems that Colossal Foods,
those old douche bags,
have called me
into a meeting in Phoenix.
"That's weird,"
I say to myself.
So I do
a little back-channel digging.
Turns out that there is a
nasty rumor floating around
that I have given them
bogus numbers.
That I've repurposed
PowerPoints.
But you-you brag
about doing that.
That's not the point.
That's not the...? Oh.
The point is,
we could be counseled out.
And by the way,
everybody does it.
Well, you're the first one
I've ever heard of.
Aw, Everett, you big idiot.
I think...
Oh.
I think you told them.
I definitely didn't tell them.
Mm-hmm.
Why would I tell them?
I didn't even know.
Stop making your stupidity
sound like a virtue, sweetie.
Monica...
If you could just use
the tits and ass
that God gave you
and blow the occasional CEO,
maybe, just maybe,
we wouldn't be
in the fuckhole
that we are in right now!
I want ten
of the best ideas
to save this account by tonight.
Now, if you'll excuse me.
I have to go
to the Days of Fucking Hope
to save sick kids.
Or animals.
Or genocide.
That happened.
Hey, you all right?
Don't touch me!
Oh, my God, are you...?
Don't touch me, Clyde,
or I will call HR right now
and I will bury you.
Okay, okay.
Did she say something to you?
Is that what this is?
'Cause she does it all the time.
She tries to pit us
against each other.
It's like a sport to her.
She likes to see us
fucking fight and go nuts.
That's exactly
what she said you'd say.
Oh, it's exactly
what Monica said?
Yeah, "Monica said," Clyde.
We talk, we share things.
She thinks that I
am a-a rising star.
She just asked you
to blow a CEO.
I'm not gonna have
this conversation
with a rapist.
Uh... who's a rapist?
You are.
Or "alleged."
Rape accusations are
like quicksand.
The more you fight,
the worse they get you.
Everett, shut the fuck up!
I'm not a rapist.
You know,
you know that I'm not a rapist.
Just 'cause you were acquitted
doesn't make you innocent.
Oh, okay, so I was acquitted?
Were you?
No! How can you be acquitted
when you've never done...?
Don't pick up the phone!
All right, I'm calling...
Christy, look at me!
Don't-don't touch me!
Oh, my God.
Is there some way that you can help
me understand the fucking stupidity
of the human race?
Maybe there's an app for that?!
Is there some kind of a pie chart we
can refer to Christy, put down the phone.
That can explain to me
the way you fucking think?!
Put the... Oh, my God!
Is that possible?!
Is there something
that I could look at
where it could make some
fucking sense to me?!
Oh, my, you're moonlighting
as a limo driver.
You look nice.
I look nice.
But I'm not nice.
Me neither.
Now, I figured you'd be going
to this Days of Hope dinner.
I thought maybe
you'd like a ride?
What do you want, Marty?
We miss you at the new shop.
And there's still
a place there for you.
I mean, I don't know
if any of that matters...
That's right.
I-I-I brought you a peace offering, Jeannie.
Marty?
I would love to
stay and listen.
But I want to get
to the CEO of Coke
before anyone else does.
See, I have a plan.
Most people have a few drinks
and they wait till they have
enough liquid courage
to make a move,
typically after dinner.
But I, being smart
and calculating,
got a little shitfaced
all alone in my kitchen.
Wow.
I think you were going for clever,
but that came off as really sad.
Whatever, Marty.
I'll see you around.
Oh, God, I thought
I taught you better than that.
Jea... You are running around
on the same shitty information
as all those other
dipshits out there.
The CEO of Coke threatens
to fire DeMark
every three years.
But he's never gonna do it.
Because the account manager is
his brother-in-law.
But, by all means,
go ahead.
I hear they serve
an amazing rubber chicken.
And drunk driving, Jeannie?
That's super smart.
You know your shit, Marty.
What do you got? What?
Colossal Foods.
Go on.
They're wide open.
Yours.
I'll give you everything
you need to close them.
That's a big account.
Why are you not taking them?
Daddy just closed Free Range.
That's a conflict of interest.
And why are you
giving them to me?
How drunk are you?
You take Colossal Foods,
I take Free Range.
We share a little intel.
Play both companies
against the middle,
keep them on the hook.
Forever.
Ooh.
That is...
so illegal.
No.
Not the way we're gonna do it.
This doesn't change
anything, though, Marty.
That's... it's...
I'm not getting... Right.
That's completely over, Marty.
This, us, we're not...
Okay, listen, listen.
Okay? I'm not getting...
I will give you a ride
to Days of Hope.
If you are not fully on board
by the time we get there,
I'll just, you know, kill you
and throw your dead carcass
in the trunk.
That's very sweet.
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org